# marafek
Marafek Electromechanical Works L.L.C. is incorporated in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, since 2004 through the expertise of ACT Electrical and Mechanical Contracting, established in Saudi Arabia in 1978, and was founded by its actual Chairman, a Canadian engineer graduate with over 45 years of experience in engineering practice in more than 10 countries, including Canada, Saudi Arabia, Japan and the UAE.  In 2005, the company created its Lifts and Elevatorsdivision in partnership with SAVARIA Corporation, the world’s leading accessibility equipment manufacturers in North America. Savaria was founded in Canada in 1979 and has since grown to employ over 400 people with manufacturing facilities of over 250,000 square feet.  Marafek Lifts &amp; Elevators has since continually expanded its line of products and services in order to be able to provide customizable solutions for any kind of vertical transportation requirements in practically all types of buildinds, by creating partnerships and regional distributorship and dealership agreements with leading lifts &amp; elevator manufacturers from Europe and North America, namely Canada, Italy, Germany , Spain, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom.  ACTIVITY Marafek Electromechanical Works L.L.C. serves its customers with over 45 years of design and engineering experience and a product line that covers almost any accessibility and vertical transportation need in any type of building.  Marafek Lifts and Elevators activities include supply, installation, maintenance, repair, and modernization of all types of lifts &amp; elevators as well as accessibility equipment. Most of our products can be customized to fit specific needs and tastes, and are manufactured to the highest quality and safety standards.  building STRATEGY Vision: our vision is to expand our presence in the region and become the leading low-rise elevators and accessibility solution provider in the Middle East and GCC regions.  Mission: our mission is to increase our number of satisfied clients by continuing to provide safe, affordable, comprehensive and top-quality elevators and accessibility solutions engineered to the highest standards.
Website = https://www.marafek.com/
